azurerm_public_ip: renamed public_ip_address_allocation to allocation_method & added missing properties to datasource (#2576)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/public_ip.html.markdown

* `sku` - (Optional) The SKU of the Public IP. Accepted values are `Basic` and `Standard`. Defaults to `Basic`.

> -> **Note** Public IP Standard SKUs require `allocation_method` to be set to `static`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-> **Note** Public IP Standard SKUs require `allocation_method` to be set to `Static`.
```

-> **Note:** The `Standard` SKU is currently in Public Preview on an opt-in basis. [More information, including how you can register for the Preview, and which regions `Standard` SKU's are available in are available here](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/load-balancer/load-balancer-standard-overview)

> * `allocation_method` - (Required) Defines whether the IP address is static or dynamic. Options are Static or Dynamic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `allocation_method` - (Required) Defines the allocation method for this IP address. Possible values are `Static` or `Dynamic`.
```
